We need to add functionality to validate the blocks and
process the data set when the Node.js application is restarting.
In your next project,
you are tasked with a few challenges.
The first challenge is to process the data set utilizing level DB.
Next, add functions to support block validation.
We wanted to keep it fairly simple so we started you off with some boilerplate code.
Don't get too excited.
Even with boilerplate code you will still need to
implement functions that support the project requirements.
The boilerplate code contains comments to assist you in the success of your project.
Good luck and we will see you in the next course.